[MISC] Track explanation in README.md (#159)
canonical/s3-integrator: README.md

Reviewer: 1) Also, can you please add example of usage s3-integrator with Juju secrets (to README)?
```
jujusecret=$(juju add-secret s3-integrator access-key=aaa secret-key=bbb)
juju grant-secret ${jujusecret} s3-integrator
juju config s3-integrator credentials=${jujusecret}
```

2) I have just deployed s3 from 2/edge and got:
```
unit-s3-0: 11:17:44 ERROR unit.s3/0.juju-log 1 validation error for CharmConfig
credentials
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'attributes': '', 'bucke... '', 'tls-ca-chain': ''}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
Traceback (most recent call last):
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-s3-0/charm/src/core/context.py", line 28, in s3
    validated_config = CharmConfig(**self.charm_config)  # type: ignore
                       ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
  File "/var/lib/juju/agents/unit-s3-0/charm/venv/lib/python3.12/site-packages/pydantic/main.py", line 253, in __init__
    validated_self = self.__pydantic_validator__.validate_python(data, self_instance=self)
                     ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
pydantic_core._pydantic_core.ValidationError: 1 validation error for CharmConfig
credentials
  Field required [type=missing, input_value={'attributes': '', 'bucke... '', 'tls-ca-chain': ''}, input_type=dict]
    For further information visit https://errors.pydantic.dev/2.11/v/missing
```
bugreport separately?

Author: > Also, can you please add example of usage s3-integrator with Juju secrets (to README)?

This is not relevant here. You should refer to the [README in the `object-storage-integrators` repository](https://github.com/canonical/object-storage-integrators/tree/main/s3#instructions-for-usage) that already includes the usage in `2/` tracks. But if things are not working as outlined in the README, yes, we should definitely submit a bug report

## Description

An operator charm providing an integrator for connecting to S3 provides. The charm in the current repository allows to configure the S3 bucket informations using Juju actions, and it is publishes to the [s3-integrator](https://charmhub.io/s3-integrator?channel=1/stable) charm under the track `1/*`.

> For the Juju secret-based user-experience, please refer to the [object-storage-integrators](https://github.com/canonical/object-storage-integrators) repository, that is published to the [s3-integrator](https://charmhub.io/s3-integrator?channel=1/stable) charm under the track `2/*.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For the Juju secret-based user-experience, please refer to the [object-storage-integrators](https://github.com/canonical/object-storage-integrators) repository, that is published to the [s3-integrator](https://charmhub.io/s3-integrator?channel=2/edge) charm under the track `2/*.`
```

> > `latest/stable` is deprecated and it should not be used moving forward. After YYYY-MM-DD, the `latest/stable` channel will be removed. 

Reviewer 2: I would say 3 months is a good period of time. We may want to have a post on discourse to announce the track deprecation.

> > `latest/stable` is deprecated and it should not be used moving forward. After YYYY-MM-DD, the `latest/stable` channel will be removed. 

Reviewer: Can we add more tech details here? 

E.g.:
1) 1/stable rev145+ is evolution of latest/stable rev144. The latest stable is provided for the historical reason only. All new updates are coming to 1/stable (e.g. Juju secret-based user-experience). Consider to perform drag and drop replacement latest/stable=>1/stable & latest/edge => 1/edge.

2) I see latest/edge rev155/156/167. What is the plan for latest/edge? 

3) I see 24.04 in latest/edge, what is a plan for bases (nice to describe it here)? Am I guessing right? 1/stable 22.04-base only, 2/* 24.04 base only? In this case what is our story for PostgreSQL 16@24.04 (as 2/stable is missing)?

> > `latest/stable` is deprecated and it should not be used moving forward. After YYYY-MM-DD, the `latest/stable` channel will be removed. 

Author: The announcement has already been drafted but the link in the readme will be added once the announcement will be published.
